README.md, before:

## Getting Started
```sh
# Use precompiled binaries (recommended)
curl -L https://github.com/bwa-mem2/bwa-mem2/releases/download/v2.0pre1/bwa-mem2-2.0pre1_x64-linux.tar.bz2 \
  | tar jxf -
bwa-mem2-2.0pre1_x64-linux/bwa-mem2 index ref.fa
bwa-mem2-2.0pre1_x64-linux/bwa-mem2 mem ref.fa read1.fq read2.fq > out.sam

# Compile from source (not recommended for general users)
git clone https://github.com/bwa-mem2/bwa-mem2
cd bwa-mem2
make
./bwa-mem2
```

## Introduction

Bwa-mem2 is the next version of the bwa-mem algorithm in [bwa][bwa]. It
produces alignment identical to bwa and is ~80% faster.

The original bwa was developed by Heng Li (@lh3). Performance enhancement in
bwa-mem2 was primarily done by Vasimuddin Md (@yuk12) and Sanchit Misra (@sanchit-misra)
from Parallel Computing Lab, Intel.
Bwa-mem2 is distributed under the MIT license.

## Installation

For general users, it is recommended to use the precompiled binaries from the
[release page][rel]. These binaries were compiled with the Intel compiler and
runs faster than gcc-compiled binaries. The precompiled binaries also
indirectly support CPU dispatch. The `bwa-mem2` binary can automatically choose
the most efficient implementation based on the SIMD instruction set available
on the running machine. Precompiled binaries were generated on a CentOS6
machine using the following command line:
```sh
make CXX=icpc multi
```

[bwa]: https://github.com/lh3/bwa
[rel]: https://github.com/bwa-mem2/bwa-mem2/releases

## Citation

Vasimuddin Md, Sanchit Misra, Heng Li, Srinivas Aluru.
<b> Efficient Architecture-Aware Acceleration of BWA-MEM for Multicore Systems. </b>
<i> IEEE Parallel and Distributed Processing Symposium (IPDPS), 2019. </i>

Commit message:

Added brief usage to the README file

README.md, after:

## Getting Started
```sh
# Use precompiled binaries (recommended)
curl -L https://github.com/bwa-mem2/bwa-mem2/releases/download/v2.0pre1/bwa-mem2-2.0pre1_x64-linux.tar.bz2 \
  | tar jxf -
bwa-mem2-2.0pre1_x64-linux/bwa-mem2 index ref.fa
bwa-mem2-2.0pre1_x64-linux/bwa-mem2 mem ref.fa read1.fq read2.fq > out.sam

# Compile from source (not recommended for general users)
git clone https://github.com/bwa-mem2/bwa-mem2
cd bwa-mem2
make
./bwa-mem2
```

## Introduction

Bwa-mem2 is the next version of the bwa-mem algorithm in [bwa][bwa]. It
produces alignment identical to bwa and is ~80% faster.

The original bwa was developed by Heng Li (@lh3). Performance enhancement in
bwa-mem2 was primarily done by Vasimuddin Md (@yuk12) and Sanchit Misra (@sanchit-misra)
from Parallel Computing Lab, Intel.
Bwa-mem2 is distributed under the MIT license.

## Installation

For general users, it is recommended to use the precompiled binaries from the
[release page][rel]. These binaries were compiled with the Intel compiler and
runs faster than gcc-compiled binaries. The precompiled binaries also
indirectly support CPU dispatch. The `bwa-mem2` binary can automatically choose
the most efficient implementation based on the SIMD instruction set available
on the running machine. Precompiled binaries were generated on a CentOS6
machine using the following command line:
```sh
make CXX=icpc multi
```

[bwa]: https://github.com/lh3/bwa
[rel]: https://github.com/bwa-mem2/bwa-mem2/releases

## Usage

The usage is exactly same as the original BWA MEM tool. Here is a brief synopsys. Run ./bwa-mem2 for available commands.

# Indexing the reference sequence (Requires 24N GB memory where N is the size of the reference sequence).
./bwa-mem2 index <path to reference sequence fasta file>
./bwa-mem2 index [-p prefix] <in.fasta>
Where in.fasta is the path to reference sequence fasta file and prefix is the prefix of the names of the files that store the resultant index. Default is in.fasta.

# Mapping 
# Run "./bwa-mem2 mem" to get all options
./bwa-mem2 mem -t <num_threads> <prefix> <reads.fq/fa> > out.sam
Where prefix is the prefix specified while creating the index or the path to the reference fasta file if no prefix was provided.

## Citation

Vasimuddin Md, Sanchit Misra, Heng Li, Srinivas Aluru.
<b> Efficient Architecture-Aware Acceleration of BWA-MEM for Multicore Systems. </b>
<i> IEEE Parallel and Distributed Processing Symposium (IPDPS), 2019. </i>
